DOCS/REFERENCES.md, before:

# References

## Project Refernces

-[Project from Spring Initializer](https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&platformVersion=2.7.4&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=17&groupId=com.demo.task.tracker&artifactId=springboot-task-tracker-h2-api&name=Task-tracker&description=Task%20Tracker%20API%20with%20Spring%20Boot%20and%20H2%20Database&packageName=com.demo.task.tracker&dependencies=web,validation,lombok,data-jpa,h2)


- [](https://www.baeldung.com/ops/dockerfile-env-variable)

- [](https://vsupalov.com/docker-arg-env-variable-guide/)


- [](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service-cors/)

- [](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-cors)

- [](https://www.demo2s.com/java/spring-corsregistry-addmapping-string-pathpattern.html)

- [](https://codingnconcepts.com/spring-boot/spring-value-annotation/)

- [](https://www.programmergirl.com/convert-list-array-java)

- [](https://www.javatpoint.com/how-to-convert-string-to-string-array-in-java)

- [](https://refine.dev/blog/docker-build-args-and-env-vars/)
-[](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/docker-environment-variables)

--

## Swagger

- [](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/media-types/)
- [Data Types](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/data-models/data-types/)


## Getting Started

### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/#build-image)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#web)
* [Validation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#io.validation)
* [Spring Data JPA](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#data.sql.jpa-and-spring-data)

### Guides
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/rest/)
* [Validation](https://spring.io/guides/gs/validating-form-input/)
* [Accessing Data with JPA](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-jpa/)

Commit message:

Adding documentation and fixing docker file

DOCS/REFERENCES.md, after:

# References

## Project Refernces

-[Project from Spring Initializer](https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&platformVersion=2.7.4&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=17&groupId=com.demo.task.tracker&artifactId=springboot-task-tracker-h2-api&name=Task-tracker&description=Task%20Tracker%20API%20with%20Spring%20Boot%20and%20H2%20Database&packageName=com.demo.task.tracker&dependencies=web,validation,lombok,data-jpa,h2)

## Docker 
- [Manage access tokens](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/access-tokens/)


## Solving Errors

- [Docker endpoint for "default" not found](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74804296/docker-endpoint-for-default-not-found)



- [](https://www.baeldung.com/ops/dockerfile-env-variable)

- [](https://vsupalov.com/docker-arg-env-variable-guide/)


- [](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service-cors/)

- [](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-cors)

- [](https://www.demo2s.com/java/spring-corsregistry-addmapping-string-pathpattern.html)

- [](https://codingnconcepts.com/spring-boot/spring-value-annotation/)

- [](https://www.programmergirl.com/convert-list-array-java)

- [](https://www.javatpoint.com/how-to-convert-string-to-string-array-in-java)

- [](https://refine.dev/blog/docker-build-args-and-env-vars/)
-[](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/docker-environment-variables)

--

## Swagger

- [](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/media-types/)
- [Data Types](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/data-models/data-types/)


## Getting Started

### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/#build-image)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#web)
* [Validation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#io.validation)
* [Spring Data JPA](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.7.4/reference/htmlsingle/#data.sql.jpa-and-spring-data)

### Guides
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/rest/)
* [Validation](https://spring.io/guides/gs/validating-form-input/)
* [Accessing Data with JPA](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-jpa/)
